Update of installing-openvino-pip.md (#10966)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-pip.md

# Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit from PyPI Repository {#openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_pip}

You can install both OpenVINO™ Runtime and OpenVINO Development Tools through the PyPI repository. This page provides the main steps for installing OpenVINO Runtime.

> **NOTE**: From the 2022.1 release, the OpenVINO™ Development Tools can only be installed via PyPI. See [Install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md) for detailed steps.

> ## Installing OpenVINO Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Installing OpenVINO Runtime
```

> ### System requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### System Requirements
```

> Below you will find all supported operating systems and required Python\* versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find all the supported operating systems and the required Python versions. 
```

> |Operating Systems (64 bit)                        | [Python\* Version](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (64 bit)                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Operating System (64-bit)                        | [Python Version](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (64-bit)                 |
```

You can install both OpenVINO™ Runtime and OpenVINO Development Tools through the PyPI repository. This page provides the main steps for installing OpenVINO Runtime.

> **NOTE**: From the 2022.1 release, the OpenVINO™ Development Tools can only be installed via PyPI. See [Install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md) for detailed steps.

## Installing OpenVINO Runtime

### System Requirements

Below you can find all the supported operating systems and the required Python versions. 

|Operating System (64-bit)                        | [Python Version](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (64-bit)                 |
|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> |CentOS* 7                                         | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8                                                                  |

Reviewer: I thought CentOS 7 is not supported, could you double-check? Also please help remove the asterisks (*) for brand/product names, as we are allowed to skip them in our doc site.

Author: Can't install it on CentOS 7. I've updated the documentation page.

@endsphinxdirective

### Step 1. Set Up Python Virtual Environment

To avoid dependency conflicts, use a virtual environment. Skip this step only if you do want to install all dependencies globally.

Use the following command to create a virtual environment:

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: Linux and macOS

   .. code-block:: sh

      python3 -m venv openvino_env

.. tab:: Windows

   .. code-block:: sh

      python -m venv openvino_env

@endsphinxdirective

### Step 2. Activate Virtual Environment

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: On Linux and macOS

   .. code-block:: sh

      source openvino_env/bin/activate

.. tab:: On Windows

   .. code-block:: sh

      openvino_env\Scripts\activate

@endsphinxdirective

### Step 3. Set Up and Update PIP to the Highest Version

Use the following command:
```sh
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
```

### Step 4. Install the Package

Use the following command:
```
pip install openvino
```

### Step 5. Verify that the Package Is Installed

Run the command below:
```sh
python -c "from openvino.runtime import Core"
```

If installation was successful, you will not see any error messages (no console output).

### Troubleshooting

> You may be prompted with the following errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you may find solutions to some common issues.
```

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: Linux and macOS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   Error message:

```

   *ImportError: libpython3.7m.so.1.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory*
   

>    To resolve missing external dependency on Ubuntu* 18.04, execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A possible cause is missing the external dependency on Ubuntu 18.04. To resolve this, run the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      sudo apt-get install libpython3.7

.. tab:: Windows

   *Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 is required. Get it with "Build Tools for Visual Studio"*

>    To resolve this issue, you need to install [Build Tools for Visual Studio* 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#build-tools-for-visual-studio-2019) and repeat package installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To resolve this issue, you need to install [Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#build-tools-for-visual-studio-2019) and then retry the installation steps.
```
